				Castawesome, Lifeless Planet Software
	
			
Short introduction:
	Castawesome is GUI wrapper around a script, that is used to stream
	video from Linux desktop to Twitch.tv streaming site. It can be
	used, for example, in live screencasts or live gaming screencasts.
	
	The script (and thus also Castawesome) is built around tool called
	"avconv", which is one of the tools Libav developers provide.
	Both Libav and Castawesome are free/libre open source software
	licensed under GPL and LGPL.
	
Background story:
	I have been Linux user for few years now and I have grown to like
	it a lot. But during these years I have noticed that few things
	have been missing that I would want to have, mainly games and
	game-related software.
	
	One thing I was really missing, was a program that could stream
	live video from my screen, so that others could watch me play,
	code or whatever I was doing at the moment.
	
	The revelation became, when I found a script that could grab video
	from my x11 session and then send that to the famous Twitch.tv or
	Justin.tv websites. I was thrilled of the possibilities this little 
	script could provide.
	
	I would have been happy using only that piece of Bash, but then
	I started to think what the legendary "Average Joe" would think
	about modifying some strange .sh file and decided to write a GUI
	wrapper around it. That wrapper became Castawesome.
	
Installation and usage:
	I have tried to make installing and using Castawesome as easy as
	possible, but due to my lack of knowledge in application programming
	there are few "hacks" that need to be done before the program may
	be used. The steps necessary to get Castawesome working are here:
	
	1. 	Download the tar.gz package of Castawesome and extract it into
		a folder on your system.
	2.	Verify that you have installed Python 2, GTK-3 libraries and
		libav-tools. (Dependencies are listed in DEPENDS file)
	3.	Run "make" in the folder you extracted Castawesome files into,
		to verify you have all necessary GTK libraries installed.
		If test is succesful, you will see "Castawesome is ok" in the
		terminal.
	4.	You can now install Castawesome system-wide with a command
		similar to "sudo make install" or leave it to the current
		folder.
	5.	Run Castawesome by either double-clicking the "castawesome.py"
		file or by running "castawesome" in terminal to create config
		files for your user.
	6.	Retrieve your stream key from http://www.justin.tv/broadcast/adv_other
		and input it when Castawesome asks for it.
		The stream key will be used to authenticate your stream to the
		Twitch.tv/Justin.tv servers. (We do not steal your stream key!)
	7.	You should modify your streaming settings now, because the default
		values might not work for you.
		
		More detailed descriptions of the settings are here:
		
		Input Resolution: 
			Resolution of the screen or area of screen you want to stream.
		Output Resolution:
			Resolution of the stream your viewers will see.
			Higher output resolution allows your viewers to see more
			details and increases the overall quality of the stream, but
			consumes more processing power and network bandwidth.
		Frames Per Second:
			How many frames you want to send per second.
			Keep in mind that higher frame rates will consume more
			processing power and network bandwidth.
		Quality:
			Generic setting for the stream quality. You can usually
			leave it "medium" or "fast".
		Bitrate:
			More specific setting for the stream quality. Higher
			bitrate makes the stream in less blurry, but also consumes
			more bandwidth.
		Threads:
			This is the number of threads you will use to encode the
			video. Using more threads encodes the video faster, but
			uses more processing power. This setting should not be
			higher than the amount of cores your CPU has.
		
	8.	Click the toggle button to start the stream.
	
	Now you have installed and configured Castawesome. Your settings
	will be saved, so that next time you only need to toggle the stream
	on.
	
Bug reports, comments, patches?
	For any and all feedback, send message to 
	lifelessplanetsoftware@gmail.com
